You Bo Weiping
You Boyouqi
Templar Lord
Don't you even dare to take my punch?
He is not a god at all
I am not a god
And you are?
I see you really don't cry without seeing the coffin
Come to the liquid
According to the information
Shenism should be placed on the edge of Broken Soul Cliff
Used to guard the Eight Wilderness
Now I'm being annoyed by this guy
The temple god has a name called the god
It is said that it was moved by the heaven and earth spirit stones
There are spirit stones on the day of birth
Therefore, heroes can be called upon
This seal has no words
That is recognition
Humph this world
Only the Lord God can open this nine-fold altar
usability
Didn't you say you are the Lord of God?
Come there
You're right.
Shen Yun envoy
Only I can control this world
Ok come on
Please start your show
Huh?
Lord God, why haven't you done it yet?
We all want to see the might of God
Please demonstrate
Let me wait and see.
Hahaha, please demonstrate
Master, please ask Lord God to demonstrate
I've seen a lot.
The Seal of Zhenguo should be on the Cliff of Broken Souls to intimidate the Eight Wilderness
You use Zhenguo artifact privately
You should exterminate
Xu Shaode, are you guilty?
I'm guilty.
The Lord God is already dead
Who knew I was guilty?
Just because you are an impostor?
Sister-in-law doesn't have time to play with you
Come and take this counterfeit for me
Young Master Xu
There must be a misunderstanding
He is the Lord God
He is a god
Humph, are you funny?
The Lord God is already dead
heard
You seem to be an unmarried god who was personally given a marriage by the country lord
Wife, you said that the Lord God is already dead
What are you
What do you mean?
Want me to say
You follow me
Dare to insult my fiancee
Xu Shaode's crime is unforgivable